https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/Air Asia21.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/Air Asia22.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/Air Asia23.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/Air India21.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/Air India22.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/Air India23.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/Air India24.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/Air India25.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/Air taxi23.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/Flybig21.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/Flybig22.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/Flybig23.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/Flybig24.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/Flybig25.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/Spicejet20.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/TruJet17.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/TruJet18.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/TrueJet15.xls
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/TrueJet16.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/Trujet20.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/air deccan20.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/air heritage20.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/air heritage21.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/air india express21.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/air india express22.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/air india express23.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/air india express24.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/air india express25.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/air india20.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/air taxi21.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/air taxi22.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/airasia15.xls
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/airasia16.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/airasia17.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/airasia18.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/airasia19.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/airasia20.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/aircarnival16.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/aircarnival17.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/aircosta15.xls
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/aircosta16.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/aircosta17.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/airdeccan21.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/airheritage19.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/airindia15.xls
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/airindia16.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/airindia17.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/airindia18.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/airindia19.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/airindiaexpress15.xls
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/airindiaexpress16.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/airindiaexpress17.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/airindiaexpress18.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/airindiaexpress19.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/airindiaexpress20.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/airodisha18.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/airpegasus15.xls
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/airpegasus16.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/airpegasus17.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/aix connect 24.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/akasa air 22.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/akasa air 23.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/akasa air 24.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/akasa air 25.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/alliance air20.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/alliance air21.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/alliance air22.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/alliance air23.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/alliance air24.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/alliance air25.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/alliance15.xls
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/alliance16.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/alliance17.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/alliance18.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/alliance19.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/bluedart15.xls
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/bluedart16.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/bluedart17.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/bluedart18.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/bluedart19.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/bluedart20.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/bluedart21.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/bluedart22.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/bluedart23.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/bluedart24.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/bluedart25.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/deccanair17.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/deccanair18.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/fly91 24.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/fly91 25.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/go air20.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/go air21.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/go air22.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/go air23.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/go air24.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/go air25.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/goair15.xls
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/goair16.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/goair17.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/goair18.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/goair19.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/india one air22.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/india one air23.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/india one air24.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/india one air25.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/indigo15.xls
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/indigo16.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/indigo17.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/indigo18.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/indigo19.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/indigo20.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/indigo21.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/indigo22.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/indigo23.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/indigo24.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/indigo25.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/jetairways15.xls
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/jetairways16.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/jetairways17.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/jetairways18.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/jetairways19.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/jetlite15.xls
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/jetlite16.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/jetlite17.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/jetlite18.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/jetlite19.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/pawan hans20.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/pawanhans19.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/pawanhans21.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/pawanhans22.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/quikjetcargo16.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/quikjetcargo17.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/quikjetcargo23.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/quikjetcargo24.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/quikjetcargo25.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/spicejet15.xls
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/spicejet16.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/spicejet17.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/spicejet18.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/spicejet19.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/spicejet21.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/spicejet22.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/spicejet23.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/spicejet24.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/spicejet25.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/star air20.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/star air21.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/star air22.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/star air23.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/star air24.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/star air25.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/starair19.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/totaldom15.xls
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/totaldom16.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/totaldom17.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/totaldom18.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/totaldom19.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/totaldom20.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/totaldom21.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/totaldom22.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/totaldom23.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/totaldom24.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/totaldom25.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/totalint15.xls
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/totalint16.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/totalint17.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/totalint18.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/totalint20.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/totalint21.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/totalint22.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/totalint23.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/totalint24.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/totalint25.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/trujet19.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/trujet21.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/trujet22.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/trujet23.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/trujet24.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/trujet25.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/vistara15.xls
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/vistara16.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/vistara17.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/vistara18.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/vistara19.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/vistara20.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/vistara21.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/vistara22.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/vistara23.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/vistara24.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/vistara25.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/zoomair17.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/domestic/monthly/zoomair18.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/15Q1_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/15Q1_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/15Q1_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/15Q1_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/15Q2_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/15Q2_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/15Q2_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/15Q2_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/15Q3_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/15Q3_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/15Q3_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/15Q3_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/15Q4_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/15Q4_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/15Q4_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/15Q4_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/16Q1_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/16Q1_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/16Q1_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/16Q1_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/16Q2_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/16Q2_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/16Q2_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/16Q2_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/16Q3_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/16Q3_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/16Q3_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/16Q3_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/16Q4_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/16Q4_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/16Q4_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/16Q4_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/17Q1_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/17Q1_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/17Q1_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/17Q1_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/17Q2_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/17Q2_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/17Q2_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/17Q2_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/17Q3_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/17Q3_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/17Q3_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/17Q3_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/17Q4_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/17Q4_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/17Q4_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/17Q4_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/18Q1_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/18Q1_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/18Q1_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/18Q1_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/18Q2_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/18Q2_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/18Q2_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/18Q2_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/18Q3_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/18Q3_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/18Q3_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/18Q3_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/18Q4_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/18Q4_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/18Q4_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/18Q4_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/19Q1_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/19Q1_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/19Q1_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/19Q1_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/19Q2_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/19Q2_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/19Q2_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/19Q2_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/19Q3_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/19Q3_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/19Q3_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/19Q3_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/19Q4_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/19Q4_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/19Q4_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/19Q4_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/20Q1_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/20Q1_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/20Q1_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/20Q1_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/20Q2_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/20Q2_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/20Q2_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/20Q2_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/20Q3_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/20Q3_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/20Q3_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/20Q3_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/20Q4_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/20Q4_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/20Q4_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/20Q4_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/21Q1_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/21Q1_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/21Q1_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/21Q1_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/21Q2_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/21Q2_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/21Q2_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/21Q2_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/21Q3_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/21Q3_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/21Q3_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/21Q3_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/21Q4_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/21Q4_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/21Q4_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/21Q4_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/22Q1_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/22Q1_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/22Q1_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/22Q1_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/22Q2_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/22Q2_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/22Q2_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/22Q2_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/22Q3_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/22Q3_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/22Q3_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/22Q3_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/22Q4_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/22Q4_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/22Q4_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/22Q4_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/23Q1_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/23Q1_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/23Q1_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/23Q1_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/23Q2_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/23Q2_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/23Q2_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/23Q2_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/23Q3_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/23Q3_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/23Q3_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/23Q3_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/23Q4_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/23Q4_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/23Q4_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/23Q4_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/24Q1_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/24Q1_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/24Q1_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/24Q1_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/24Q2_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/24Q2_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/24Q2_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/24Q2_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/24Q3_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/24Q3_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/24Q3_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/24Q3_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/24Q4_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/24Q4_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/24Q4_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/24Q4_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/25Q1_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/25Q1_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/25Q1_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/25Q1_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/25Q2_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/25Q2_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/25Q2_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/25Q2_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/25Q3_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/25Q3_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/25Q3_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/25Q3_4.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/25Q4_1.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/25Q4_2.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/25Q4_3.xlsx
https://public-prd-dgca.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/InventoryList/dataReports/aviationDataStatistics/airTransport/international/quaterly/25Q4_4.xlsx
